Release Notes 7.2.2 (#20731)
foundryvtt/pf2e: CHANGELOG.md

- (Ambrose) Add initiative note to Reflexive Stance
- (Ambrose) Add missing action cost to Mythic Refocus and Crusader's Masquerade
- (Ambrose) Add missing traits and descriptions to Perception Mastery
- (Ambrose) Add scaling damage to Rouse the Forest's Fury
- (Ambrose) Clean text on Uvuko's deity entry and Tern flock abilities
- (Ambrose) Link Innovations article from Inventor Class Journals to Inventor Dedication and restrict Weapon Innovation Advanced Martial Profiency
- (Ambrose) Remove self reference from Sudden Charge
- (Ambrose) Update Push to use Shove Action Macro
- (Dire Weasel) Add invested trait to Moonsilver Necklace
- (Dire Weasel) Fix some `compendiumSource`s for RoE NPCs
- (Dire Weasel) Fix Strategic Stance's success aura size
- (Dire Weasel) Remove duplicate data in Tanagaar's description
- (Dire Weasel) Update Control Water area description
- (Dire Weasel) Update some NPC senses to structured data
- (kromko) Fix some feat prerequisites
- (kromko) Remove a link to Heroic Recovery effect from Martyr RE
- (kromko) Remove Gecko's Grip prerequisites
- (Rigo) Add description alterations to Fortunate Blow, Targeting Strike, Shield of Faith, and Unrivaled Analysis

> - (Rigo) Add effect for Defiant Banner, Pennant of Victory, ShieldedRecovery, Unsteadying Strike, Fortunate Blow, Spike Skin, and Targeting strike

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Rigo) Add effect for Defiant Banner, Pennant of Victory, Shielded Recovery, Unsteadying Strike, Fortunate Blow, Spike Skin, and Targeting strike
```
